#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-codebuild==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-events-targets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-glue==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-iot==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-mediastore==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.pipelines==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.region-info==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-solutions-constructs.core==1.117.0
    # via aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
aws_cdk.aws_apigateway==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws_cdk.aws_apigatewayv2==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
aws_cdk.aws_apigatewayv2_integrations==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws_cdk.aws_dynamodb==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws_cdk.aws_lambda==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
aws_cdk.core==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iot
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
cattrs==1.6.0
    # via jsii
constructs==3.3.117
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iot
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
jsii==1.32.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iot
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront-origins
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-glue
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iot
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisanalytics
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-mediastore
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sagemaker
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.aws-apigateway-lambda
    #   aws-solutions-constructs.core
    #   constructs
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c api/runtime/requirements.txt
    #   jsii
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c api/runtime/requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via jsii
